Add use case to “port-forwarding/rule” (#6119)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/port-forwarding/rule.md

* Azure SignalR: Get the Azure hosted signal R service to send websocket messages to your local website
* Azure APIM: Use APIM as a gateway that points to a locally running API
* Power Platform: Debug Power Platform by running your API locally

> * Locally testing applications which need to communicate on a port blocked from your environment (ie. using a [jump server](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jump_server))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Locally testing applications which need to communicate on a port blocked from your environment (i.e. using a [Jump Server](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jump_server))
```
